It seems that some people don't even have a chance to be handmaids
Gray hair is enough for you
You're just a little employee messing around
If it weren't for Brother Providence arranging you into the company
You're not even a fart
Brother Providence has given you a chance to perform
I can't catch it, what are you still pretending to be here?
You deliberately sabotaged the investment against Brother Providence
Don't you just want to show your importance?
I'll tell you what.
In the eyes of God's will
You are nothing
I was planning the cosmeceutical research and development from start to finish.
I make prescriptions by myself
I need him to give me steps
What are you?
you
You also dare to call me Tianyi Guoge in front of me
Just because he is my good assistant
As long as I want
He is the lady boss
Mr. Chen, what do you mean by this sentence?
Can I give you an explanation?
And here's what I mean.
Come down and check it out right now and apologize
Otherwise we will divorce
Don't get a penny.
Stop! Aah!
Miss Bai first
Do you have anything to respond to Mr. Chen's words?
And here's my response.
Mrs. Zhou is here
Mrs. Li is here
divestment